hello everyone and welcome to hot line
link episode four
woohoo we made it past three episodes
we've gone on to four it is roster
hunting season alright there's all sorts
there's a war going on out there people
I think the war is mostly over Travis I
don't I don't know about that yet I
think it's weird like the Geneva
Conventions what was it called
afterwards let me know we're girls
no Nuremberg was the other thing Geneva
was when they set up all like the rules
for future like whatever you know what
we're we're past the war is what I'm
saying well as everyone knows this shows
ad seemed last week a bunch of people
the YouTube comments were like why is
Calvi wearing sunglasses he got blown up
for that we did it the first time I
realized that people just don't
everybody that watches our show aren't
aware of the 80s because they were born
in like 2001 and so like that that
concept of just like the sunglasses is
it's lost to them I'd say either way for
those of you that are watching the show
for the first time or the stream for the
first time the concept of this show
besides being an 80's ripoff is it's a
call-in radio show so there is a discord
channel that will get pop there there's
a command you can do exclamation point
discord at any point yeah I think if I
press this and this unless you can see
the discord link could pop up it's kind
of hard to read but it'll be in the
twitch chat as well and you join their
arc you do the spiel cuz you're the
whole yep so we're gonna be you know
taking your calls join the discord it's
on your screen now or you click the link
in chat it'll bring you to the discord
and then in order for me to be able to
take your calls you're gonna need to
jump in to either the general or general
to voice channels you can meet yourself
once you're there we will give you guys
some idea of what we want to talk about
but then in the text channel that's in
front of you type what you want to talk
about and make sure you guys come in
with some strong hot takes I want to
hear you know random what do you guys
think about soon eyes near us you tell
me you think bounce you you tell me what
you think about cnn's roster and i'll
tell you if i agree or not yeah yeah
I'll just sit there in the back looking
at twitch chat for those of you that are
wondering yes Nick Allen is going to be
on the show he will be coming in at
around 8:45 it's about 11 us we're
speaking of this that's whenever he's
available it also allows us to talk a
little bit at the start of the show and
take some of your calls about the non
CLG stuff right because who cares what
Nick thinks about Spence care and
joining steel chair cloud 9 cloud 9
yeah we who cares about 100 thieves afro
yeah exactly
either way we we want to hear from you
about that stuff then won't be getting
Nick in we'll be talking to make a
little bit and then taking your calls so
that you can talk to Nick and tell him
why you think he should have kept
aphromoo or whatever other crazy stuff
you want to talk about Nick Allen by the
way they CEO of CLG for those of you
that do not know if you're in the twitch
chat shout it out either way so mark a
lot of stuff has happened but we it's
been less than a week since we did the
show we had Kelby on last week in a call
from Steve which by the way was great
absolutely amazing and a lot of roster
more roster rumors but also a lot of
finalized rosters and I don't know where
you want to start off first but before
we get them that calls me we should just
kind of share our opinions to rev the
Rev the thought process of the call well
so I had a funny interaction with loco
online and this is something we can even
potentially take some calls on if people
want to come and chime in on it but he
was saying that he thought this was the
craziest off season thus far in league
history at least for North America and I
said I disagreed I would take between
season five and season six when the TLR
excuse me TSM doublelift thing happened
as the craziest time and so a lot of
people had very strong opinions on it I
don't know if you have an opinion on it
or what maybe there's a different off
season all right I think this is like a
highway trade thing I agree that
doublelift switching to TSM was huge and
especially because it happened like
three hours after finals concluded I
don't know if people remember that but
it was like literally like okay SKT is
won and I'm in Germany and then a couple
hours later doublelift has left
CLG and then a couple hours later he's
you join TSM I do think that this is the
craziest still because while that was
certainly big the amount of just like
shifting and switching brand-new teams
we're gonna see rosters we never would
have expected to happen there's just so
many crazy things I mean even Peter
leaving TSM I know buddy well they were
probably some but not very many people I
think looked at TSM's performance at
Worlds and we're like yep fuckin get rid
of doublelift you know he needs to go
he's the problem so I that's why I think
this is the craziest and I'm just yeah
but the thing is so to counter that one
the the double if from CLG was was
generally crazier just because they had
just won finals they they were like the
best North American team and then that
happened which was just so crazy and TSM
was on a downward trend this time TSM
they kind of flamed out you knew some
changes were coming also there were a
ton of other crazy changes that
offseason as well like fnatic lost hooni
and reignover and yellowstar and all
came over North America
immortals came up yellow-star joined TSM
as well Sven came over as well there was
all that crazy shit happening there was
something with scene I and I think I
might have just gone down to the
Challenger team and because they were
like changing everything around with
with c9 there was a ton of crazy stuff
and I think crazy for me means that it
has to defy expectations and while this
offseason had a lot of big moves a lot
of it was kind of expected was
franchising coming in and four teams
getting kicked out you know there's
gonna be some big changes that yeah I
mean just think about the fact like and
I know that this was just a rumor right
now but aggro Fox is said to be talking
to who knee like we will literally have
had somebody who played in the finals of
worlds coming over to like echo Fox
which is never been looper stay in dev
team I get I mean I don't know I just
it was a year removed yeah yeah exactly
like that did not feel like this one did
so look I think the doublelift thing and
some of the other changes like you said
we're huge for that year but I would
still say this one's the biggest and we
haven't even seen it all yet and I mean
we've mostly seen well let's let's talk
about that so one of the things we
saw is the Spence Guerin pickup for
cloud nine that got asked today what do
you think about this because a lot of
people are flaming cloud down and I I've
been a little surprised because I always
feel like Jack is the type of guy that
just does crazy shit and so you you
expect him to just pull out some like
crazy crazy Korean juggler or I don't
know whatever and I I kind of almost
feel like he must have something else up
his sleeve because I I am a little
surprised by this is hard to imagine him
just like swapping out contracts for
spend yeah I mean I like Sven I think he
got too much of a bad beat a little bit
towards the end because I think he
started slumping a little bit more
towards the end of summer and into
obviously worlds and that's like right
when contracts are really picking up a
ton so that direct swap feels pretty bad
as well as licorice for impact feels bad
and as much as like I like the guys that
c9 got I think they're both downgrades
for the most part and so I don't know
how you can feel better about this
roster I means you like am I crazy thing
that this is very unusual for cloud 9 I
just feel like the r8 likes they always
do something big and crazy and Jack in
particulars like actually just really
really good up hitting rosters together
so this is kind of surprisingly the yeah
this is really surprising this could
have been a whiff it could have been a
missed in free agency yeah because
they've worked with impact and it's
totally disingenuous impact have like a
great year right like he was very up and
down he was benched for a on and off and
in the first half of summer he
straight-up sucked and as one of the
reasons c9 was slumping was the top lane
position so maybe he c9 just wasn't
happy with who knee they said let's
bring in liquorice and let's get a
superstar jungler you know will import
peanut will import Yenko sore something
and then they just whiffed on all of
them yeah you know that that happens in
real sports once everyone's yeah a
traditional sports real sports whatever
you know look you how are you the guy
doing this you know because I don't care
it's the kind of thing where it's like
you know if you're still getting bent
out of shape about our eSports athletes
real athletes you know grow up who cares
maybe cuz I'm gonna calm major
I just know the value of words and the
strength of them either way so I don't
you just the numbers guy all right so so
if you're cloud nine fan you're feeling
kind of bummed
maybe yeah and hopefully in a second we
can hear from some cloud nine fans on
the call because I'd be interested to
know how they're feeling yeah definitely
we can start going ahead I'll start
perusing here looking for
well while you're perusing here's maybe
the best way to because I know people
didn't want us to talk a little bit more
about the rosters really quickly give me
your thoughts on CLG reignover and bio
frost coming in ah this one's also
pretty pretty tough I mean you're
definitely getting an upgrade at jungle
I mean even though Omar and dar doc
probably didn't look too much worse than
right over and at points you could even
say they look better I think just having
a stable jungler is great for them and I
like I like bio frost I think he's
really really good it's just a question
of can CLG adapt to no longer having a
firm whose voice in the team which like
darshan is really vocal I've heard who
he's pretty vocal as well so maybe they
have enough shotcalling chops to to fix
it and I would say that bio frost was
mechanically probably better than than
aphromoo um I'd like that point yeah I
mean I was after I think a lot of people
weren't praising his mechanical skills
last year yeah he's been on a slow
downward trend on mechanics for a little
while now and I think he's still great
he's so a great player it sucks to lose
him I don't think bio frost will do as
well unless the rest of the team can
kind of pick up around him but I could
see a world where you know bio plays
Bardon it looks a lot better than a
froze bard yeah okay so we've got that
then what else I'm trying to think of
what other big stuff there's just so
much so sorry before we go to the calls
once again people who are typing I would
like to give my thoughts on the c9
roster and why I just like it give me
more you know what is what do you I
don't I could get you on the show I have
no idea what you're gonna say which Park
do you not like tell me you think Sven
sucks tell me you think this it's easier
to pull you guys in if I know what your
thoughts are before
you know so don't be afraid to be over
the top in chat that's what I want to
see we also have a couple subs that you
can see in the Subspace chat if you are
a sub make sure you link your we're
starting we're beginning to figure out
how to get the sub stuff working with
this card so make sure you link your
your discord info with your twitch thing
there's a bit of a delay on getting it
working but in the future hopefully
we'll have some good system in place for
subs and then the last thing I'd say
mark before we grab people I am curious
based off of what we have we know so far
in the the pretty confirmed rumors how
would you rank top for Na and do you
think that there's a closed top 5
because everybody I know feels like
there's like it's pretty much TSM Team
Liquid cloud 9 and CLG everybody feels
like that seems to be the strong teams
so first off do you agree those are the
4 and if so how would you rank them what
is the Apollo Haku whole era other two
members again I'm looking at the there's
a thread on Oh clutch it's solo Lyra
febiven or forbidden oh you want
everyone say it Apollo Jaco and David
Lim coaching and and Lyra Apollo and
Haku or pursuing or whatever and all
this stuff I think is not as announced
yeah right right but that's that's not
pathetic : yeah I'd say it's most of the
four that you mentioned look how it
would take TSM first still I would
probably take TL second and then c9 and
then CLG yeah I do the same I put CDI on
and CLG is a toss-up let me pull up that
that reddit thread real quick it has
I'll link it that's what I'm looking at
right now I'll just link it in the
discord
for you shit and I'll link it in twitch
chat for everybody else who wants to
kind of follow along we're gonna be
taking calls in just a moment would love
to hear from cloud nine fans who are
upset about it or are excited about it
anybody else who has any thoughts if you
are a fault some somebody following one
of the other teams that we didn't
mention those top four and you think
that your team is gonna gonna have the
chance to really make it big would love
to hear from you maybe hundred thieves
has a chain
with this supposed Cody Sun and afro
going in that botlane right yeah some
day is really good I think Rio's really
hit or miss I liked mostly what I saw
and spring out of him and that summer it
sounds like the whole team stuck and he
just completely lost motivation and I
think that reflects badly on him of
course but if he finds his fire again
he's back with prolly I think you're all
so you have no idea what meteos is gonna
bring the table because he's eyes are
cold how dedicated is e to being in the
LCS is he just doing this because you
know it's a big paycheck you'd like to
think he's he's gonna be the media set
carried c9 in the past but you don't
really know exactly so I think there a
lot of question marks still with that
team that would make me more hesitant
than any of the other four already in
there okay so everybody's heard a bunch
of our opinions why don't you guys talk
to us give us your thoughts on this
stuff mark you want to go down and check
out do a little bit of a test with our
our first guest sure okay
anyway I want to give a couple shoutouts
during the break while he's figuring
that stuff out to kill the people let's
see if we can pull up my feet here of
we've got a couple new subs tonight we
got dr. Manhattan panda poon star e fish
little Asian 33 and we'll get to the
rest of the second but first off we got
cold grave on the show cold grave house
going where he called from um calling
from Wisconsin currently Oh is it
I imagine it's pretty pretty cold there
right now it's actually not as cold as
I'm used to because I'm from the Upper
Peninsula of Michigan and okay it can
hit like negative 40 there so yeah all
right very good well it's pretty chill
indeed so what do you think of the
offseason what do you want to talk to us
about I kind of don't understand why
people are bashing Spence Karen quite as
much as they are like he had a really
unfortunate role to run but kind of
everyone in TSM did and I I'm the only
person who really I guess seemed okay
and like completely comfortable was
maybe bio frost and hauntzer at times
although his wave management was
questionable yeah
oh you didn't continue I was gonna say
so
II think spends getting it too hard
you're a c9 fan are how do you feel
overall about the offseason changes with
both impacts and contracts leaving
getting licorice and spend do you feel
better or worse about this team like I
don't know because licorice has been
really good and the Challenger scene and
I know he's a really talented player but
of course losing impact is pretty big
but then I have to remember impact kind
of had a bit of a slump in last split I
think a lot of the analysts were rating
them in like bottom tier top laners
there for a while so I not really sure
how the top lane is gonna go it could go
either way
um I don't think that Vince Guerin is
necessarily a downgrade from contracts
if Spence Guerin can actually perform
cold grave do you think that there's a
chance that part of the reason c9 fans
are upset is because they expected
really big moves from cloud9 and this
kind of feels like oh well we just like
the jungler that TSM didn't want yeah I
can kind of I can definitely get that I
kind of feels like c9 quote-unquote lost
the offseason while all these other
teams made these really big picks and
imports but I've kind of been a fan of
like though the core c9 roster for a
while I know Jensen's always incredible
sneaky usually top toots bob 380 carry
and smoothie before all they came in
everyone was touting him as the best
support and na um I do still think this
c9 roster can do pretty crazy things and
if licorice steps up and Spence Karen
goes back to his like early TSM SK
gaming forum where he's just allowed to
go nuts on things like Cain alley sin or
even reksai um I think we see a pretty
interesting c9 roster this split I can
see that potentially but here's here's
the concern is a you know if you
followed the Challenger seeing licorice
looked great when he was in there but
his promo tour knees were not very
rest of it all he got bested by lor low
and things like that and I think Laurel
owes a fine like mid to low tier LCS
player but that's potentially what
you're getting whereas yes impact has
had those times where he looks bad but
come play offs come gauntlet runs come
worlds he's looking like one of the best
tops in North America every single time
yeah yeah I'm looking at chat all the
people I don't understand the TSM
turning junglers and award bots things
it's it's hilarious even coming from
like an on TSM fan I don't I don't
understand why people seem to think that
TSM just turns people and oh they can
only award they they lose all the
mechanics yeah that's one of the
stupidest things are getting right it
right now yeah like guaranteed a little
bit but do you think who do you think
has a better season contracts or fan or
Mike Young oh that's that's tough cuz
it's really easy to look incredible on a
roster that's been struggling and you
come in and suddenly there's this search
so Mike Young got all that hype but I
remember a lot of players where there
was kind of a slump and then they came
in and they did really really well you
guys remember uh I think it was for one
game Team Liquid jint was like super
hyped up yeah yeah Team Liquid or
because as people I thought hey either
way cold grave wanna thank you for
calling in we got to get to another
caller here in a second but appreciate
hearing your thoughts on what's going on
with c9 yeah think you got forming the
show yeah Travis what do you what do you
think who do you think has the best
season between those three junglers but
it was it was contracts Mike Young and
Spence
it's fed yeah so well contracts is
supposedly on guardians which is gonna
be rough time for him probably and I I
think Mike young because and I think
Mike Young is overrated but I also think
that TSM is going to have
a better environment and it's gonna set
them up it's so much of how good you
look in League of Legends is based on
where you're at you know lyricism
exception yeah especially with jungle
it's so dependent on your laners and
stuff and I think contracts despite
probably being the best of those three
is gonna potentially look the worst yeah
just because there's so such little
firepower on golden Guardians yeah I
think at some point in time skipper
wants to come on the show I don't know
if we need to have her as the next guest
but at some point I mean really it's
your show man is help me what the it's
our show mark all right you tell me when
to bring her on grab grab grab grab our
next guests read off some more subs all
right so where were we
rafters Andreus reset for three months
hairy toe to reset for three months he
said the war is over teams are set where
is aphromoo I don't know either way AJ
is joining us right now how's it going
AJ where you from friendly CLG Canadian
back again okay yeah good good to hear
from you again
whereabouts in Canada are you if you can
remember I mean abbotsford which is like
an hour away from vancouver that's right
that's right okay so what what do you
got for us where you thought something
offseason so I was looking at Echo Fox's
roster and it looks like it looks very
stupid because so what I mean well we
should say the nothing's been announced
yet from them I believe but the pedicle
echo fox roster from yeah is hooni dar
doc phoenix all tech and adrian okay
sorry to interrupt you why is it stupid
aj well i think he bought lines probably
fine or the bot lane is probably not I'm
really concerned with firstly Phoenix
and doc cuz unless I mistake and they
were like the tube leg - the biggest
clashes and the teamliquid spectacle
from like a year ago or a year and a
half ago that was kind of a joke yeah
and so I I don't know like that could
explode again you ever know and then if
hooni comes in like he's a pretty strong
opinion and voice like I could see those
three just like exploding and just like
destroying OCO Fox I don't know it just
seems like a disaster waiting to happen
you
I agree it looks like a very echo fox
roster if you ask me and and yeah I mean
I you don't believe you don't buy into
the rick fox is gonna sit down with his
decades of athletic experience and
turned our talk into a reformed tyler
one type character
how can i teach these kids I don't know
I you know what I I thought I could give
Derek a chance cuz I'm a seal G fan
right I thought I can give him a chance
when he came to CLG and afro was like
the veteran leader he was gonna like
turn his career around and stuff and
then it's just like he thought it was
going well and it's like awesome yeah we
know he's not doing anything hey do you
think that there is value and if you are
a good jungler just hang out streaming
taking the beginning of split off and
then waiting til whatever docs team rock
is on waiting till they get desperate
enough and then demanding all the money
to join their team and save them yeah I
don't know I just I feel like Derek just
drags the team down every time he's on a
team except for like he's got he's got
his occasional games where he pops off
but they're like it's only on like
twenty percent of the games or something
like that and and like the other eighty
percent he's just like not there yeah
yeah so talking a little about the
Phoenix pick up because I'm someone who
I think the community probably thinks is
a froggen hater I mean even on the last
episode you know Kelby and I were
talking and I was saying I don't even
know froggen is like that kind of
superstar get this guy build your team
around him guy anymore but I have a hard
time understanding why Phoenix would be
that guy either because a lot of their
strengths and weaknesses are pretty
pretty similar were they're both very
strong laning players don't always have
the best team play I think Phoenix might
be a little bit more of a playmaker than
froggen but he's also a lot more
volatile than froggen is and like you
said I don't think froggen and Doc would
have worked but Phoenix and RDoc in the
breaking point thing Phoenix wasn't a
huge problem it was mostly piglet and
dar doc and loco that kind of triangle
duking it out but the Phoenix wasn't you
know wasn't perfect either yeah I don't
know I feel like the Challenger Series
and there was like times where Phoenix
was just like styling on people like
he has some good mechanics but I mean
that's challenger but I think basically
he's just like a discount froggen kind
of where he's got some mechanics and
skills but he kind of relaxed the
teamplay a little bit he probably
doesn't have the Frog on and not that
frog was obviously that great a shot
going with mid priority and all that but
yeah I don't know he just seems like a
bit of a downgrade from Roggin and I
think I think echo fox is looking to
build around someone other than a frog
in I guess and maybe they're going for
who neither maybe yeah yeah we'll see
hard to say I think I think huni's not
gonna be a problem in terms of a like
attitude or anything I can see maybe
other people on his team getting
frustrated with some of his picks or
something but I don't think he himself
would be the problem yeah I think you
need less of a problem probably than the
other two well AJ thanks for coming on
the show I was good chatting with you
hope hope Canada's going okay for you
and hope feel G for you has a good
season next year yeah thanks yeah hey
Mark before you go to the next nice
collar of which I've moved skipper into
the room we can she can be after this
next one by you know we brought up
breaking points and we you mentioned
loco I want to ask you a question so the
we we haven't talked about Guardians but
supposedly loco is coaching it and while
I think Laura low contracts definitely
Matt they all seem like pre a chill dude
so it's funny that we might and again
this is all the rumored stuff it's funny
then we might see loco returned to a
team with Matt I remember a couple
scenes where Matt's just like loco
what's going on here what's going on but
I am very curious your thoughts about
high and low Kodaka because I feel like
those are too strong personality types
high is I think very used to just being
in control of I don't know what you know
his relationship was like what this
kitchens the past but I feel like with
high it's always been he knows the best
and it's his way or the highway
I feel like the same thing with loco
taco I expect these two to have fake
lashes I'm curious about your thoughts
you know I think I think high does have
this kind of strong opinion unlike the
plays that they go for stuff like that
but I haven't really heard too many
things about him being particularly hard
to work with outside the game in terms
like working through their problems and
stuff like that yeah actually I'm human
meteos ran into problems supposedly yeah
but uh you know supposedly
no media host feels like he's bumped
into problems with a lot of his mid
laners like he and Jensen had similar
beefs from from you know what they've
said about each other and a lot of mid
laners typically have small beefs with
their junglers and I haven't heard too
much with high other than that the
medius thing I'm like some
behind-the-scenes stuff of him and lemon
arguing but arguments always happen in
the game so I'm not quite sure how it'll
work with loco but it could easily be
the kind of thing where this team just
struggles to win and then like that
always sour is it just because I mean
this team this team lacks so much
firepower and in most positions and just
in terms like raw carry potentially you
know yeah all right well you want to
move on to our next guest
yes let me go make sure he's all right
yeah I am unblocking the person in
twitch chat who said that I mistakenly
blocked them on Twitter hopefully
they'll be able to recover from the
tough couple of months or however long
we've got Travis the unknown to use ten
bits that was great that increasing my
coffers a ton
I am Cleve four months as hey Travis
thanks for the four months rousing
Goblin subs sir cattle subs near chattel
and we're joined right now by Khan Khan
how's it going where you come from
let's go I'm pretty good I'm calling
from Idaho Idaho how's Idaho boring yeah
I figured the only thing I know is
potatoes that's that's pretty much this
with the corner potatoes it's pretty
much all of the above okay so offline TV
just opened APO box would you mind
shipping some corn and potatoes to us
just so we could get a sample what it's
like mean I could try but it's kind of
out of season okay you also probably
doesn't live on a farm
no I don't I thought Idaho was a far I
thought the whole state was just you
know the great thing about this shows we
learned so much about the North American
states and cities and provinces etc Kahn
uh what do you have for us so I was just
I kind of was talking about how I think
tsm's just roster changes or
Society of not you know downgrade in
some areas and why I think they might be
at risk of like not making finals and
maybe not even making worlds and this
year okay so why I didn't the big thing
is it kind of bounces off the first guy
but I think Mike Young is a downgrade
from Stratton um say well like you know
Mike Young was Rookie of the split last
year because that's his in italy plays
like once it kind of went to like a tank
meta and stuff is pathing and everything
just fell off and that was like if that
was a Phoenix one team that was a top
three team in an eighty split before and
I think jungle is a super important you
know position for teams to succeed
especially in the early game and if
tsm's having trouble getting a jungler
likes fence care and to do proper stuff
you know can we expect Mike guns to
succeed at all you know in the jungle
but he's got that new fresh blood and
energy and that aggressive playstyle
right true but it like I said there's
only major successes was kind of on
Nidalee lashed like class split yeah
well yeah well how much how much do you
think plays into that just because P one
fell apart like they were they were a
building on fire all of summer split
spring split things started to go south
they started swapping their supports up
they start swapping their junglers up
things are all over the place players
don't know who's starting you know it
sounds like there's complete
miscommunication between coaching staff
and players Ryu got completely
unmotivated to the point where he's just
like take me out a fucking game bro I
don't care and a lot of that doesn't
feel like oh man Mike Young should have
fixed all that so I I have a hard time
saying that like you know I agree his
Nidalee was his best thing and came in
and revitalized them for a little bit
but once the honeymoon phase ended with
that team Mike young isn't that good
that he's gonna save that so I don't put
too much at the second half of the split
on on Mike Young so is it really just
Mike Young that's got you concerned well
one I think spending mithi it's the
whole new roster is gonna be interesting
to see how they handle everything and
plus there's always that like they
brought in a song as a coach but the
last time TSM brought in like somebody
to actually be a coach that guy ended up
leaving after the one split you
are you saying that would bug are you
comparing what fucking song I'm gonna
have to stop you right there my friend
cuz one guy was at highest like a plat
player who no had no experience coaching
in League of Legends and was brought in
to do that whereas song was a pro player
who then has coached many teams
successfully reaching the world stage I
think every time for a team he was on a
cypher my biggest thing is too much
about well I think song is a great coach
obviously the big question is always
Reginald how is he gonna handle such
yeah I think what's there everything
like it maybe something goes wrong you
have Reggie stepping in and basically
telling the coach his ways not right
like when you're watching TSM legends
you're watching you know all their stuff
and all the players they're all talking
about how Reggie is kind of taking over
the coaching role when it matters it's
like it's all gonna do okay with that
like is that this is gonna cause more
drama and I actually I do feel like
that's maybe an okay assessment mark
because I do think that one of the
questions is is Andy helping or hurting
and no I don't even know if Andy or TSM
or anybody knows I can't answer this
question completely because it does seem
like you know the age-old story of TSM
slumps and then halfway through the
split
Reggie shows up and then things get
better bigger stuff out again but it
also like there are a lot of concerns I
think about the like Andy is very
involved every time they get to the
international stage and then they
plummet so how much help from Andy is
too much and how much is TSM reaching
the international stage and not being as
great as Peter leave sure that's my
thing is anytime you bump into problems
around TSM it's always to the
international stage for the most part
which is pretty interesting to me
because you know theoretically were the
fourth weakest region and there's no
reason TSM can't do a c9 does for sure
and get out of groups but I'd like other
teams in the region got a lot better
with this roster change I know like the
last guy thinks echo fox is like a
disaster waiting to happen but I see
that team there they're gonna be a
disaster or they're gonna be that top
two or three team in the league do you
think there's a girl on top four
we get to off topic about hungry that I
just want to say I've talked to TSM like
staff and people like that about the
regi effect and and they think for the
most part he's he's useful they don't
think he like steps on their toes
some of them admit that like it's hard
to say but they don't feel like my
authority's undermined or whatever it's
usually they want to talk to Ritchie and
he's great in small bursts but if he's
like they're too often it can be a
little overbearing so maybe it is true
when they reached international stage
he's there too much but I don't think
that there's at least internally at TSM
Bend that sentiment that it's it's too
bad yeah well either way I don't want to
go into the psycho Fox craziness with
UConn because I just I think I think
they're gonna be a disaster they're
gonna be a top team I think that's so
many good things are gonna be I think I
think there's a chance echo fox could go
on a good spree and look good for a bit
but I don't I don't have much faith in
that team staying together do you mean
like with dar doc or after they replaced
our doc inevitably later on this season
maybe after but I'm curious as if you
sat down with TSM cuz I it feels like
the roster was almost a sided way in
advanced because a lot of the stuff that
was leaked almost two or three weeks
before the free agency happened that
whole roster got confirmed
yeah I wonder thinking back did they
even know that contracts was gonna go to
a different team I'm sure they did
that's the biggest question mark in the
entire free agency for me is what
happened between contracts and c9 and
like why why he left cuz I feel like TSM
would have picked up contracts over Mike
Young I would have thought so too you
know I think contracts looked great from
the outside who knows what was going on
behind the scenes I don't know I mean I
just think III assume TSM opted out of
contracts because they the must have
known that he was gonna become free
because I just feel like Andy and Jack
talked to each other enough and are good
enough friends though they would have
had this conversation so we're going off
base
anyway Cohn appreciate the call hold it
down in the potato State or the corn
State we don't know and hopes talk to
you in the future
alright so next up you can drag her down
okay I mean I we don't you want to even
test I don't even know she's I heard
before I ever mute it let me unmute her
either way I I don't know where maybe
stalling a little bit on the Nick Allen
thing because I haven't heard from him
yet so we'll find out but well yeah Nick
take next caller so next well I ever
meet a to why she meet oh there she was
just me yeah all right so we've got
skipper on the line calling from where
I'm calling from Los Angeles California
okay you're a little loud I'm gonna turn
you down that's you but where where what
do you got for a skipper how many
questions can I ask you got one it's not
a question it's like it you're supposed
to meet after seein all right I have an
opinion yes okay my opinion is that I
think that doublelift how'd it go to
their teamliquid retirement home because
he failed to get TSM out of groups okay
so yours are you saying that TSM decided
that doublelift sucked and so he's going
to the retirement home why do you think
TL are you aware of tiel's full roster
yes and so going on that note I think
Steve bought SS contract after Reggie
kicked them off just to get his fans
excited about his fourth place team okay
so you're suggesting that this is just a
popularity play and that double of sucks
yeah he's trash okay uh and and so is
your suggestion that belt that Steve is
just acquiring talent for entertainment
purposes exactly that okay if you want
to elaborate on this at all no okay I
think I I made my point
okay very good well it was great having
go out the show skipper
hopefully you'll call again far in the
distant distant future
okay so we got nick allen messaging me
on skype so we're gonna mute xsplit
they quickly and go to a quick break and
when we get back we'll have Nick Allen
the CEO of steel jihad to talk about so
we could we maybe bump him next to next
week for more skipper no no more skipper
we will be back in just a moment
you
all right and we are back joined
officially by Nick Allen the CEO Grand
Poobah of CLG hello a wet play and a
fine
CLG to the point where they were on the
border of bankruptcy had to take
investment from an outside company that
he would later get hired by so that he
could run it so hostile takeover he find
them so bad that it was basically like
he was paying himself so they just added
him to the company yeah right I'm still
the dividends you know
all right so Nick al do you want to
explain who you are what you do for
those that don't know yeah sure I am the
CEO of Wow Travis are you echoing is
that going a little bit yeah and Mark
you just deal with that you don't even
like say anything you know he's a
special boy and sometimes you pick your
battles listen I come and I put on the
pink light and I get ready for the show
and you echo like Jesus dude this is the
kind of no-nonsense attitude I expect
out of you and you're on CLG yeah yeah
that's definitely a personal
relationship with with Travis at all Wow
Marc this is what you put up with yeah
it's funny last week I tuned it I'll get
to me in a second I got I got a few
things to say first you know I tuned in
last week because like look at the color
scheme look at the marketing that's
going on for the show Wow Travis really
really goes allow and then the first 15
minutes of the streamer I'm just trying
to get everything working everything's
broken nothing changes Travis some
things always stay the same so Nick
would you like to talk a little bit
about what you do at CLG for those that
don't know sure I am the CEO chief
operating officer of of CLG and I
oversee the business side of the company
okay so everything from revenue and
merchandising and sponsorships and
content on fate now I'm fading back in
yeah I oversee all of those things nice
very good well we're we're we're hopeful
that you can talk a little bit about
your roster will maybe talk to you for a
little bit then we'll take some calls
from people but we can start off by just
asking why do you hate
from him oh yeah it's a good question I
love afro Moo yeah tough tough week for
CLG we're all really big fans of Zack
the free agency period was aggressive
and provided a lot of opportunity for a
lot of players and though I'm not sure
where Zack and that rapper was going and
I really wish he was you know still with
the team in a lot of ways I'm excited to
see where he lands and and and what he
does going forward I'm sure he has a
really big opportunity in front of them
yeah so mark I don't know if you want to
hop in here yes so I think a lot of the
things that fans are concerned about
from a gameplay perspective of course is
who's gonna kind of fill that void that
he had I know darshan and who he up and
you know people have said that their
vocal and that they can step up and do
it but how much are you expecting add
the two new guys and reignover and bio
frost and that kind of stuff yeah good
question and I think I'm I'm mildly to
moderately equipped to answer the
question but I think a big part of it is
we're going to understand what's once
bio and reignover get in the dynamic of
the team and understanding you know
who's playing what roles so exact did
affirm we did a lot of of the late-game
shotcalling and a lot of the early game
was a little bit back and forth between
him and then the jungle so we're gonna
it's a little bit of weight in the sea
so who he has a lot of experience
shotcalling
we think he's gonna be stepping up in a
big way and how that sort of coexist
with reign over I think is something
that we're gonna figure out in the next
you know once they get into the house
and over the next couple coupled a few
weeks before they start this season it's
not like an easy transition by any means
it's not like we're bringing in someone
who's filling the exact role that Zack
filled but we feel confident our ability
with with the new guys with with our
head coach Tony and his strategic mind
being able to put a really good shot
calling together
and so we're pretty fired up about it
yeah who is making whenever we see these
changes happening where how is the
decision-making process going behind the
scenes and sort of who's involved with
it at CLG and this isn't regards like
the player yeah yeah roster change isn't
that kind of thing like yeah I did bio
frostnip on the roster and that kind of
thing yeah it's a team effort and so we
we spend a lot of time we have like a
spreadsheet that has a bunch of
information on it and like depth charts
around players and how they how they
what their skills and their strengths
are and how they're gonna fit in with
our current roster so we evaluate the
field super broadly and then we make
decisions based on who we think again is
going to be the best for our team who's
gonna fit on with our roster our culture
right and how our horror team
communicates and how they play with each
other and so it's myself it's a lot of
of Tony and it's a lot of Matt Joshua is
our director of eSports helping to drive
like you know who are our top prospects
who we really look really looking to
bring in and then it starts to become a
little bit of like divide and conquer
like we I'm talking to some teams and
Matt's talking to some teams to
understand like players that are
available like you know what are people
looking to what moves are they looking
to make how do we sort of be in a good
spot as you know if like TSM brings in a
new bot lane right there's gonna be in
and as a result a new jungler there's
gonna be like a a waterfall of effect
across the league and trying to
understand how these things are gonna
play out and how to position CLG and the
best spot possible yeah and so it is a
lot of it's it's way more work than I
think one person can handle because you
have to do so much research you have to
have so do so much communication with
all these other teams to understand what
the right move is and kind of long that
working with Tony this is your first
time like working with him directly
right yeah yeah so when he I mean he was
relatively new to CLG he wasn't like as
as sort of forward facing I guess or
sort of outspoken to see when I was
around working at Riot though like a
decent amount but yeah this is the first
time I've gotten to like really work
deeply with him and understand how he
thinks about the game how he thinks to
building the team strategy and that sort
of thing but it's only been you know a
couple months up to this point right so
how's it been with him because he's
still when I think a lot of the
community holds in high regard is
potentially the best North American
coach at least domestic coach you know
some people say stronger reaper above
him but at least a lot of people hold in
high regard is is that something where
you're like yeah Tony's 100% the guy we
love this guy a hundred percent yeah
it's interesting being in my position
because part of it is about trust right
like he knows way more about the game
than I can ever begin to imagine and
there's some things that I can sort of
poke holes in which is like logic and
systems and how he structures his team
and what he's prioritizing but at the
end of the day he's gonna be the one
that says like these guys are good for
our team and these are the reasons why
and some of those things I get and a lot
of reasons like you know I was a gold
level player at best I'm not gonna I'm
just barely gonna understand what he's
saying
so a lot of it is trust but the way that
he thinks about things his logical
approach how he thinks about more than
just the game itself but all the macro
things outside of the game like
communication and mindset and systems
and process and motivation and
discipline all of these things he holds
in a super high regard so I've actually
been really impressed coming and talking
to him about just his level of knowledge
around the game but also how to form and
shape five guys into something that's
cohesive and well-oiled and just works
really well together and so yeah it is
like top to bottom the way that he
thinks about the game and the way he
thinks about the team is pretty it's
pretty incredible
Haizi Raider X and twitch chat asks do
players get any input into roster
changes or is it all decided by a team
staff you know I think it's different
team to team but we do like talk to the
players about who they think is good who
do they think is gonna mesh well they
definitely have some input into the
overall decisions and it's just like
making sure that one they're not like
taking off guard I think a lot of times
I like who are gonna be bringing in but
they also have valuable contributions to
make yeah and so they you know they it's
different player to player and team to
team up for us it is like a a what
think about this like is this the right
move like who would you be prioritizing
what are the things that you think are
important for the way that we as a team
approach the game and how we as a how
were formed and the processes and the
systems we have who will fit in well to
this and and so there is definitely
input there too so one of my questions
has to do a little bit about CLG before
you got there last year they they did
like this boot camp at some training
facility I don't remember and they they
really pushed healthy body healthy mind
healthy person yeah yeah yeah kind of
thing
how much do you buy into that kind of
idea as you know you know obviously it's
good to be healthy I'm not saying that
but in terms of how much is worth
putting into a system like that and how
much is just you know nitty gritty play
a lot of legal legends and where do you
think you guys are gonna try and
allocate all your resources yeah good
question
the like the the physical performance
like the mentality the self-improvement
aspects of CLG culture or something that
I I believe in deeply and is really
embedded deeply within within CLG I
think like we've seen results of players
and this is you know I guess I'm new to
months right but coming in and talking
to folks about how they choose to use
their time we've seen players perform
better perform longer have a better
mentality when they are really
physically fit and on top of stuff right
and I think that goes both physical and
mental when they feel like they're
learning not only in game but out a game
they just perform better they'd have a
better mentality now I think there is a
balance to be struck a like and a big
question on how much do we index and
that how much do we take away from the
in-game for the out of game and I think
that's something where I bring a pretty
data-informed approach to a lot of
decision making where we can try to
strike that balance and figure out what
is the right blend but I know like
before and after when players are going
to the gym when they when they are just
feeling better they just they perform
better and again I think at the end of
the day they're gonna they're gonna have
more resilience they're gonna have more
stamina and they're just going to be
better players over
speaking of speaking of health yeah a
tasty snack and the twitch chat says
Nick put on some weight since he joined
CLG what do you think of that statement
I think it's true okay
chef in the LCS we our chef is
incredible we also have some pretty good
snacks and I haven't been getting out as
much as I would like since I moved to LA
okay but on a more serious note I want
to ask you but thanks I think you know
this really it's a hot tub this is more
on the business side I don't know how
comfortable you are talking about this
but one thing that I feel and I've only
gotten glimpse of this so I'm kind of
talking about are hearing people behind
the scenes yeah okay in the past it
feels like teams basically tried to
acquire talent by what they thought was
best for their roster and it didn't
really matter anything else because you
know teams player salaries were whatever
and you know everybody is probably
within you know a hundred grand of each
other maybe so maybe last year we
started to see some inflation but this
year I see a lot of player and roster
announcements and a lot of people
wondering why these roster nets that
were announcements went the way they did
or why we saw rosters get built in
certain different ways and for me
despite the fact that everybody
understands that like TL is obviously
paying a lot for talent there's not as
much discussion around like oh maybe
they got this roster because they have
this one really expensive player and
they couldn't go out and get like a ton
of really expensive players or whatever
so I'm very curious as a as a team owner
and I'm gonna ask some of the other
owners about this too how much and you
know we can talk just some generalities
about the league seen in general how
much do you actually think you know
player salaries all that stuff is
playing into roster decisions and is it
very different than maybe what it was
before oh good question
I think there's both sides of the coin I
think you look at TL who's gone out and
seemingly I'm not sure all the details
but invested significantly into player
salaries and buyouts
going into next season obviously money
is not and budget is not a concern of
theirs or at least they feel like they
have the business model to sustain that
type of spending and then I think you
have and I'm not going to name any names
I do think there's probably people in
the league that are much more budget
conscious that are not going out and
spending tons of money until they see
some of those revenue streams start to
come in right if I make one of the new
teams and you know I'm I'm thinking
about do I spend a million dollars or
five million dollars I worry about like
how fast can I spin up my merchandising
how fast can I spin up meteorites and
all these you know and the sponsorships
too right like there's a bunch of things
I take a lot of work to get into and so
if I'm coming in a year one I'm thinking
maybe I slow played in year one and I as
I ramp these things up and then as I
understand how much money I'm gonna be
bringing in then I can really I'm gonna
really move forward with you know larger
investments and so I think it is I think
it's both and I think there are some
people I also think there's different
approaches and business models I think
some people like the brand and
recognition of being number one is above
all the most important thing and then
like sustainability is important for
other team owners as well so I think
there is there's a balance between the
two I do think there are a lot of teams
thinking about the budget as they go
into this this season I imagine everyone
if they could would want you know like a
god tier team like potentially like as
TL is being considered but not everyone
can afford and and let's like it's just
by the way for a chat and discord if you
guys can start filling up chat with
seeit questions for Nik I got into
arguments I've got a couple people
already but we're gonna be going to
those in just a second the follow-up to
that though Nick well but right before
we go in and and feel free Mark's a
top-down star
listening to Peter shit but Nick do you
think that owners or teams should start
like because fans are gonna question why
does the roster look like this and in a
lot of situations you have owners and at
least in the past they're like well we
really believe in these players we
believe in this lineup there's a synergy
here there's whatever like we want to
build a long-standing thing obviously
you have situations now or seemingly
obvious where budget and finances are
paying a role in it do you think that
owners and teams should start at least
in some way even if it's kind of
casually an interview start
communicating like hey there's a lot of
reasons we did this and by the way it's
because we're not interested spending
five million or whatever on a roster
yeah you know I think one of the things
one of the unspoken or one of the things
that is sort of downplayed is or has
talked about at least behind the scenes
is like usually fans aren't really
receptive to like oh we didn't want to
spend money and in a direction right I
think like the finances while
interesting aren't like the most
compelling reason to do or not to do
things though behind the scenes there's
an entire business that needs to be run
I do think it's helpful right I do think
the insider baseball like the really
hardcore fans the diehards do want to
know why teams are shaping up the way
that they are how they formed what are
the strategies and I think talking about
the finances is one way or one strategy
to discuss but there's a lot of
different things to discuss in that in
that in that discussion are including
like communication culture systems
strategy like do we need a more cerebral
player in a specific position or do we
need a more mechanically talented player
and how they complement other players on
the team so I think there's a lot of
different things to talk about but I I
personally think it's valuable and I we
plan to in the future being forward with
like this is why and how we've built the
organization or built the team what do
we prioritize how did we land where we
are yeah okay cool well I think it's
time to ask questions they were bringing
people in to chat with Nick
super fascinated to see how this goes
and what what happens with Nick either
way our price guess just remember
everybody if you want to talk to Nick
ask him a question
pout about afro not being here anymore
whatever it is just make sure you put it
in the discord if you want to do X
summation point disco to figure out how
to join all that is in the Twitter chat
anyways ego trip and right now we're
joined by a ninja
sirs a ninja search where you come from
I'm coming from New Zealand from New
Zealand
alright Nick what's the first first
conversation from New Zealand ninja what
did you want to talk to Nick about that
like took that how see how she just
looked if and he's 200 we're losing you
ninja can you really I'd like to talk
about how ever just lift CEO GE
and he was a huge part of so geez
marketing to a point with streaming and
videos right so what so what is your
specific question for him is the og kind
of look to pump almost remus into the so
I think the question is Nick like with
with aphromoo being such a big
personality and identity of like so much
marketing and all that stuff how are you
going to sort of address the gap that
he's he's lost or has left yeah I think
we've been pretty fortunate to be
bringing in a couple charismatic and
personable players and bio and reignover
you know I think top priority for us
above all else is winning it's like it's
obviously like the most important thing
and there is a lot of value in the
marketing and the relatability of
players and we definitely think that's
something that we need to continue to
grow in and expand it and improve on and
so I think the best way to market our
players is to win and that's what we're
prioritizing but beyond that we're
ramping up you know our content
organization our content strategy we put
out some really cool stuff for our
roster announcement in our farewell to
to Zack and so I think that and we're
continuing to expand how we you know
market our players
how they are strategic in the ways and
the times that they stream and create
YouTube content so we're gonna be doing
a lot of work to help them be as visible
as possible and we're gonna win na LCS
and we're gonna grow tons of fans and
we're gonna have a huge following as it
relates to that and that's gonna help to
it's it's undeniable that afro moo was a
big part of our our brand and is a big
part of like you know the bloodline of
CLG and again like we we do wish him the
best going forward but we do feel good
about the guys are bringing in how
they're gonna do in front of a camera
how they're gonna fit in with the CLG
culture and how they're gonna promote
that going forward so I think this is a
long-winded answer to we have a lot of
cool things planned in content and
marketing to help really level up the
guys that we've brought in we feel we
feel excited about it cool thanks ninja
sirs for the call and hopefully the the
oceanic Internet gets better
all right so oh yeah by the way six law
and twitch chat says when we were
considering our roster we really found
that we wanted more people that enjoy
karaoke so I think that sort of this is
just gonna be more CLG synchrony okie
that kind of thing also
Emily Rand is saying that Chinese teams
have found great success by marketing
pets and creating suffer out of hats so
it could sit could we see CLG get a pet
in the future no comment no comment
okay I learned cats though oh you're
allergic to cats yeah sorry guys so if
you get a pet it's gonna be a dog that's
not you okay
what other legal animals can parrots
yeah it's gonna I'm jumping okay we got
a little bit but Jesus washer are you
calling from Washington DC where there
are almost zero eSports events okay well
that is thank you a Mario Kart
tournament at the the Rose the blossom
event anyway what did what what do you
got for us watcher yeah I'm going to say
okay I'll just go down my point I
profess this by saying I love afro I
think he's one of the greatest of all
time and CLG will miss him
and I feel sad I felt specially sat up
for the post on our CLG criticizing him
the last month I'm not naming names we
know those posts it was Travis I'm not
immune from being hypercritical of CLG
in the past either yeah that said I
think this is the best tlgb roster since
at least summer 2016 and I'm gonna go
down the roster to say why let's start
with darshan please pretty good
I mean he's easily top three top laners
or top four depending on who you ask
he's second in gold differential and
first in kDa wha split who he doesn't
have the best laning face but you've
seen those team by moments you know he's
easily one of the best mids in North
America stick say to a lesser degree but
on his peak he's easily the best team
fighting ADC in the West and by oh well
he he's pretty good he has the
second-highest KD a la split but this
team is a team fighting team they aren't
really the they aren't really the best
early game team and that's where
reignover comes in see reignover is sec
is the best early game jungler and a
boring Lehrer he's the highest GD at 10
and the second-highest xxp at 10 among
starting drug wars pet
past but he's not going to pass 15
minutes but this is sealed his team
fighting we can easily keep him that
strong and reason with an attitude
you've seen it so Rene reignover
leanness brings everything together with
a good early game and leads us to great
basically amazing late-game but there
are problems our number one problem is
shotcalling but we've learned from the
best in afro and I'm sure a bio has
learned some macro skills from being on
TSM the last three splits and of course
we also have the best coach in the LCS
with zix when his drafts aren't terrible
which is really sometimes but look look
at the other teams see the other team
two problems to c9 licorice could easily
bomb
Sven could easily regress this could be
the guy I might say it this could be the
year where sneaky falls off
TSM Mike Young could be in a bad med of
the entire split he could turn to
another ward bot and then if he could
clash with yer because that dynamic is
different and TL I remember I click
Sports Illustrated covers and I remember
in 2012 when the Lakers got Magic
Johnson Steve Nash and people were
hyping um blow up like fucking crazy
so when
then they crashed and burned I'm seeing
the same thing with TL I think double
lift is the magic Johnson or not Magic
Johnson uh you know who sues Dwight
Howard Dwight Howard basically turn the
entire team into a toxic mess and I
could see double of coming out
especially riding with some people in
CLG so that's why I think CLG could eat
is easily put washer were you paid by
Nick to come in here you Tony right up
those bullet points I feel like it's
like we're here to talk to Nick and
you're like he'll G's gonna win
everything I appreciate it keep going so
I got a question how much do you how
much weight do you put behind kta for
why you think someone is is a great
player I think 14 fights is a valid
statistic but it isn't the best early
get there early games just a guy at all
and you don't think it's at all
influenced by wins I think it is but
winds are influenced by people well wins
and what you should be striving for in
the end anyways okay I was just
wondering because most people will
contend that KD a is a pretty garbage
stat to use when arguing about a player
is a skill just just so you know in the
future I think I think it depends on the
argument and itself and not sure how
long you've been a CLG fan about since
season I've been a big seal chief Anson
season for casuals and some great ok
what what did you think of the news of
CLG hiring nick allen i was unexpected
because we all saw the nick allen vibes
and season with season three with the
whole fine memes but alright I mean he's
definitely one of the best in the
business
okay very good so you've got is there do
you have anything bad to say about that
I have criticisms of CLG I think that
their subreddit you can get toxic at
times I think that some people in the
back room aren't the best but I'm not
gonna name names okay
very good well at least we got some
criticism why should you have any
questions for Nick or anything you'd
like to tell him any advice or something
keep doing what you're doing okay very
very good well thank you watch her so
much
for joining that was informative I've
learned so much I have a good time and
hopefully you get some eSports stuff in
Washington DC cool all right so we move
to the subs I think you need okay oh
sorry I just threw it the closest one
yeah yeah all right well Vince was
intense
okay Nick I liked how much did you pay
that guy bring him back a hundred bits
okay Nick Nick it's do you agree that
you won the off season I think I think
dollar-for-dollar we have the strongest
roster in the LCS and I think we are
positioned to take number one next year
so yes we did Nicoll also believes they
won the off season now now it's the rest
of the rant Nick go you remember it word
for word
I don't but I I will cherish it in my
heart forever God all right I'm gonna
hop down get the next guy Travis sir how
you doing Nick I'm good how are you
how's the work-life balance been for you
since you joined uh you went straight
into you went straight in then you guys
had to apply for LCS stuff and go
through that whole process now offseason
is hit so I assume it's been exciting it
has been a lot of work but luckily
there's a lot of really talented people
at CLG that are really pulling pulling a
lot of late hours and a lot of doing a
lot of hard work and none of them are
you uh-huh now them are me okay and none
of them are you Travis yeah that's true
that's true because I don't work that's
a terrible idea
yeah I mean like honestly with like the
announcement stuff with the players I
had very little to do like I was you
know trying to bring in the players but
I a lot of that was you know driven by
the content team and our marketing team
and they just knocked it out of the park
and they worked pretty crazy hours to
make it happen so and I had basically
nothing to do with that so they they did
a really
good job all right so it's it's okay
I'll say we're bouncing we got so we got
holy cow barbecue join in right now holy
cow barbecue Rico calling from hey I'm
from West Virginia West Virginia all
right very good
what do you got for us all right so I'm
a huge sale chief in as well just like
the previous guy and I just want to know
about you know budget coming from msg
sponsorship obviously no detail would be
like you know given but this does it
allow you to grab a lot better talents
and if so how do we now keep maybe say
afro because as rumor has it the
contract he was offered was pretty
substantial and or was it because you
guys think afro wasn't as good as bio
frost and yeah yeah Nick and got all
this money from Madison Square Garden
why aren't you spending it a great great
question yeah thanks man so MSG has been
hugely helpful so we leverage a lot of
their resources including their
sponsorship team aka their marketing
partnerships team and they come with
some ones that mark you sorry it sounds
like a really nice keyboard those green
switches of brows which is the red I
don't know the color I don't say so I I
digress so we leverage a lot of these
resources so the marketing partnerships
team make it as sponsorships team a lot
of their like internal teams that
support the Knicks and the Rangers we
get to tap into them and learn from them
but it's not like it's not a an
overnight flip a switch and in comes all
of this experience and learnings like
it's a process to understand who are the
right people to talk to and how can they
help us and what's the most effective
way for their learnings to be carried
over to MSG and so it is a process but
it's been going really well so far we
are we are taking a we're taking
everything one step at a time and
terms of like sponsorships and revenue
and understanding what the dynamic is
gonna be between MSG and CLG like how do
we how do we leverage these resources
and once we do how does that affect our
revenue at a high level and so we have
really high hopes and we're actually
making a lot of really good progress in
that regard but just like anything and
you know like I'm trying to relate this
back to the question and and talking
about aphromoo we're still responsible
for building a sustainable business and
so what that means is making good
decisions around how we invest and not
only players but also infrastructure and
so it would be foolish of us I would say
to go out like hey we have Emma Shear
back let's like spend foolishly
on all these different things right we
still want to be calculated and careful
with the way that we do those things so
that we can maintain a strong business
and a presence in eSports as a team long
term and so I would say and this year
back whether they're they're not I don't
think there would be a different outcome
with Zack if that makes sense I would
say that you know he he has some really
great opportunities in front of him and
having msg there did not necessarily
impact our decision whether or not to go
in that direction so but we are again
really excited for him and it sounds
like has some pretty great opportunities
in front of them
thankfully cow BBQ hope things good
question yeah tough questions more okay
we'll give you one follow up all right
so obviously with the off remove gone
now who's gonna be your star players
it's gonna be who he is it gonna be you
know Zion or are you gonna make a star
out of rain over you know the power of
friendship I yeah it's my bow friends
just seems so true you know that he
doesn't seem like to have a lot of
characteristic on screen at least since
I hear you say that to his face who's
the next good shield you started no I
think I think everyone is
stars you know but I think the true star
of CLG is Tony the head coach if
everyone's a star Nick no one's a star
I'm gonna push to the fans this split
yeah the kDa will will reveal itself and
Esther because isn't that a value of
skill Marc is like we're gonna we're
gonna actually be blowing up marketing
and content for all these guys really
we're excited about it they're all gonna
have like a unique approach to things
and that includes merchandising and
content and a few other things too so I
can't answer your question I think
everyone's stars I love them all equally
I think I am responsible thing for me to
say I Love You Man thank you
I'll okay gog number one West Virginia
let's go all right so you said right
West Virginia yeah yeah hey Mark I
dropped a couple names in the Skype chat
and also we're working on getting a
special guest calling in or we'll see if
he's I just I got a text message a
second ago
and I didn't realize that they were on
so Marcus yeah I'll check with the guy
here yeah cool we got a couple things
going mark you know what time it is Nick
time to read out some or so thanks some
subs hit streak and donated four hundred
bits cheer four hundred Nick Allen big
fan Bubba Cola arguing with skipper with
bits I think all sorts of crazy stuff
going down so Rattray subbed he doesn't
like discord or he or she doesn't like
discord but they said the worst up we
got dr. Manhattan himself from that one
comic that I forget Watteau the watch
watch the watchman dr. Monty hadn't what
planet are you calling from
I am calling from the nation's capital
in Washington DC
oh we've got multiple Washington DC
people you need to hang out with the
other CLG fan that called earlier and
name I will I will not be as hyper
critical and actually like not even like
that big of a league expert comes of the
macro so okay I'll be kind of casual
just say some numbers yeah eight five
three anything
5750 out of 750 so what I want to talk
about mainly is my main thing about CLG
I honestly think that this is probably
like vemma of all the top four orgs
right now so like what see like people
are hyping up TL for obvious reasons
people are you know hyping up TSM with
the Mike Young and the g2 botlane
pickups people obviously was c9 knowing
their fan base is always high thing
about maybe they're a bit kind of a bit
sullied with this offense Garen pickup
knowing how much they loved contracts
and how impact was such a big stuff but
you know that's them I want to talk
about Bailey House CLG like people are
kind of sleeping on them compared to
most of them and I think that this is
legitimately a championship roster
knowing where they're shifting some of
their stuff if they can get it together
mainly but you know where they're
shifting you know the way the team plays
you know knowing grain overs shotcalling
presence within the team and yeah so
talk to me a little bit about what you
mean by slept on because I think a lot
of people are still putting CLG in the
top half a league you're saying there
are championship contending team versus
what I think a lot of people are putting
that is like a fourth or third place
team you feel like that's actually slept
on or do you think it's maybe just I
think people aren't giving them the
proper I mean yeah they're a top four
team and I think that most other some of
these orcs if you look at some of these
other rosters not naming names you look
at some of these other rosters like you
know there's a lot of people that are
just basically putting a lot of stock in
the top four right now and the one that
the one that people are knocking off
first if you asked like most people like
alright who is the weakest of these top
fours that we're looking at on paper
most people are sleep or sleeping on CLG
right now in terms of just up there that
they're probably get like third fourth
place you know maybe at best to get
second but I think that like I think you
mentioned earlier that bio frost is
mechanically better than aphromoo uh in
terms of their presence on the team that
will you know reveal itself later on but
reignover is a pretty solid addition and
I think that if who he and darshan
looked remotely the way they did in
the past summer because the past summer
they had a huge resurgence especially
who he who I was very pleasantly
surprised by in his performance but if
we can get like that remnant of CLG
where they 3do Dignitas they you know
they they beat cloud nine and both their
Series in the regular season this is
legitimately one of the strongest
rosters I've seen since when pobelter
and doublelift all the team which i
think was probably the last time i was
genuinely excited by CLG in the count I
think you just have a bunch of fans I've
joined I think the part of the problem
is this show got advertised in the
sealed you separate it and so now just
closer actually I'm actually a like I'm
a die-hard c9 fan but don't find me
nigga please don't find me make so dr.
Manhattan are you okay
you decided to join and talk to Nick
tonight and your hype about the CLG
roster is there a chance that you're
gonna switch over or maybe you can maybe
maybe this is I'm very curious like is
there a chance you'll switch and what
does Nick need to do to to switch you
over to a CLG fandom I mean I've been
watching c9 since like the original
Quanah cross your semi and I have that
nostalgia factor in terms of like
watching hi and me do so but but to be
fair to you Nick when I went to Boston
which the Boston final and the
third-place game I did buy a CLG jersey
and I do have that so if there's a way
for me to sully that wound I guess Nick
can you give dr. Manhattan a reason to
be a seal chief instead of a c9 fan
especially for next split solidarity
okay well I think that's a really good
reason
sneaky streamer justjust make someone
dress we have the best roster probably
in the history of the NA LCS if I was to
guess we have the most attractive team
present company excluded okay I don't
sway them because this isn't pretty most
attractive roster as well like when you
have those two things combined
what's not to like
yeah answer me this mark Z where's your
big streamer who can I tune into every
day who is your star who's streaming
earlier today he's gonna be the guy John
yeah I like goofy a lot they're all
they're all they all have a strong
streaming presence you just got a tune
in you got to believe you got to stick
it stick it out okay
dr. Manhattan thanks for the call given
their can I just get like a final
thought just kind of like just to throw
the kind of like er so you go okay yeah
what if the most criticized members of
TSM in spence garand elephant bio what
if they all make worlds this year in
2018 and somehow TSM misses out oh
that's that's the spicy one I see all
right well thanks for gonna call mark
you might have seen who I added to the
waiting room maybe yes I did can go
investigate his stuff by the way again
there is a if you are a twitch Prime
member you can sub to this channel right
now dr. Manhattan actually a sub we got
grabbed him out of the subs room so
thanks for your sub dr. Manhattan and
mr. BBQ himself who called in moments
before sub shortly thereafter twitch
prime subs help us out and we should be
having somebody joining us and just yeah
I was si just answer his question real
quick there I actually think TSM is
under a ton of stress just because to do
the worst that a TSM roster has ever
done internationally it means that like
you would just have to not make finals
like their barrier Fritta like what is
acceptable for them is so fucking high
compared to like any other team in the
league so like if these guys go five
games and semi finals barely lose and
then win third place super convincingly
that's still a failure like a colossal
failure I think people would say anyways
I think it's interesting yeah right it's
like a lose-lose because if they're not
winning right and they keep their roster
it's bad they get criticized for keeping
it then drastic changes they get
criticized for that so by the way mark
before you duck down Reggie just tweeted
forget TSM vs EG they are a dead brand
it's TSM VS Team Liquid next flit
hashtag lore
hashtag na LCS hashtag TSM win Nick's
going on Twitter right now to fire me
yes
getting the CLG media guy on it yeah I
think Nick do you have a response for
the I think I think Reggie would have
tuned in for this episode if there was a
real team who is you know the third
guess but we have CLG instead you know
yeah I think TSM will and tio will be
the rivalry for a fourth place it's
gonna be a hell of a third fourth place
match huh yeah a hell hell of a match
down at the bottom
alright let me go get the special guest
oh I'm so excited for this special guest
it's it's a great day for you Nick you
know we got we got a guest during the
show in just a moment and we got here it
is no Winston is this your first time
calling where you from what's your story
why don't you let us know I'm just a
poor lost boy living for lost boy living
hey listen know we've all been there
you know one minute you have a job and
then a telecom comes in or so somebody
else ends up killing it then then you're
spending your Friday nights with our
sorry your Monday nights with mark and
Nick Alan it's just a tough time look
Travis I learned my lesson from from
your example and I invented this great
thing yeah people kept telling me to do
that and also a savings account people
kept telling me to have one of those too
and I just thought of that dude you're
an eSports journalist you can't afford
that no no of course not
okay no uh what do you got what your
thoughts on steel G weird yeah what do
you want to put out there what a my
thoughts on CLG I mean my thoughts on
field you that my boy ujin is back
playing on starting roster again and I
can't ever root against reignover he's
just the precious little flower that I
love them so much
sorry you're a seal Japan's gonna take
real good care of them dude okay look I
can't say I'm a CLG fan I'm sorry you
only got I think of the former IMT yes
yeah I think you can say that if you
want I think it's okay look I I can't
write like there are too many teams with
just a long
your quantity of former IMT players he
got TL with three former IMT players
this tree got fly quest also with three
former IMT players and multiple former
IMT staff members so you know my heart
goes out in a lot of different
directions I got a great question here
actually I think so coming from the
mortals to TL obviously ran over
struggle didn't look like himself had a
lot of issues
now on to CLG what do you think went
wrong at TL Noah and like do you have
any advice potentially based off that
for Lee Allen that would help
reignover succeed in CLG yeah for sure
so look I don't know everything that
goes on behind the scenes and different
teams so I don't want to make
assumptions about the way that TL worked
or the way that CLG works so everything
is kind of speculation let me know if
I'm walking face but I think I think
when TL picked up rain over the the
impression I got was that they kind of
expected him to be like this high-level
shot caller or even if not high-level
like a similar level shot caller for
he's just like Mike growing and Mac
rowing people around the map and it's
just like taking full control of the
game and I love you Jen I love reignover
but that's just like not the kind of
player he is and so I think the role
that he was put into on TL was like not
the best role for him like he's a super
communicative player but he communicates
in a different way in the Mac and I
think CLG given that like all those
players that he's playing with have
significant macro knowledge right like
all of them have played with very
experienced players before or they are
very experienced players already I think
that's the kind of environment that he
thrives more on as opposed to an
environment in which he's kind of the
veteran with a bunch of rookies around
him that aren't as experienced or
knowledgeable it's all a question would
be then with the loss of Afro mu is this
a concern that Nick Allen should have
that maybe reignover might struggle
given that they just lost what was
supposedly the most vocal member of the
team well again I can only go by what I
know behind the scenes but somewhat i've
talked to some people about write it i
think on CLG it was a lot more of a team
effort and then maybe people have kind
of given credit for on social media it
wasn't just like afro microing everybody
around it's not
a fro in the four wards right so a lot
of that macro knowledge that effort has
from being a super experienced player
ends up getting imparted onto darshan or
sticks a or who he and they carry that
forward with him right like it's not
like he's just talking about macro and
going in when you're here and out the
other they they absorb that and you got
Tony to who supers so right before you
join the call
we saw a other you know LCS owner Andy
din of TSM tweed forget TSM vs e LG they
are a dead brand it's TSM vs. he'll neck
split hashtag lolli Sports hash tagging
LCS hash tag TSM win what are your
thoughts on that statement is the TSM vs
EG rivalry dead and is is it all about
TSM versatile I mean look if the story
of CLG over the last five years has
proved anything it's that no matter how
close CLG gets to dead as long as it can
take one last breath there's always a
chance
okay I like it like you might not have
afro you might not have doubles I'd not
have but like y'all aren't dead yet
yeah Noah is a former LCS team owner and
talking to Nick Allen here who is a new
LCS team owner what kind of advice and
wisdom do you want to share with them oh
what a public forum I would say number
one you should always be friends with
Andy Din because then at least when it's
team beats you I'll give you a hug
that's important did he not give you a
hug is that the lesson here what's sick
no we're looking for a hug for that hug
three 2016 not friends didn't get hug
okay bring the horse tumbler 2016 was
friends got a hug worth it it was a
simple man he just he just suffered
those hugs he got into eSports in the
first place I was just pretty friendless
and I decided that eSports was the place
to make lots of friends it was great
what else
everything is harder than it seems right
when you put the team together but like
you work in these boats for a long time
you already know that I guess like as an
extension to that never take team
environment for granted right like
everything will be going super super
well and all it takes is one little
thing to derail the Train
so you can't unless you have someone
that you fully trust can handle it
completely on their own and even then
like always keep an eye on it because in
a heartbeat it can pick em shift oh so
you're saying you don't have anyone you
can trust it was muffled I for some
reason you moved in your microphone got
muffled just made that part even better
[Laughter]
so you additionally came into the league
I think right when Nick Allen left and
joined twitch I think those timelines
are pretty close together was that like
a Keith key factor for why you decided
to you know get in on the LCS I can't
sir that is Nick Allen was finally out
of the right office I mean you could put
it that way you could put it as Nick
Allen leaving was just the first of many
betrayals that I experienced you put
Nick do you have anything for for Noah
here ah good question when are you guys
gonna compete do you have any teams that
compete in this in the same league or
the same space yes go until recently
csgo I think actually one of Nick's
players pulled the greatest off the
field maneuver all of all time when his
tweet kind of pulled the an inside
takedown of the team oh really I try to
stay away from Twitter as you can we're
gonna win I'm Ruiz right past that still
go again in the future
previously in overwatch again which I
think should say everything that you
need to know about the respect to future
of our organization anytime you want to
come get a dota team we have the only
all Korean dota teams already thanks
very good good well I mark unless you
have anything for no no unless you have
anything else for the for the group I
think it was good to chat with you
better for me yeah okay we have a lot of
other concerns right now to deal with
but I don't have anything so maybe we
can cat grab lunch sometime and in LA
and talk about stuff
oh you should have turned him down there
was 1400 people to watch just shut down
Travis Travis has gone through a hard
six months I guess and on that note by
the way if you have a twitch prime sub
or membership you can sub to this
channel for free and that means you know
hopefully you have to trim anyway thanks
for calling it we'll hear from you again
in the future I am sure alright so
thanks again to now if we're calling in
friend of the show and former MCS oh no
we I think we got time for a couple more
calls as we're getting closer to the 10
o'clock mark here on the Pacific west
coast and while we're doing that I do
want to give a shout out to a couple of
people swords not words subbed
revelry subbed and race hosted me with
one viewer thank you to that so we've
heard a lot of nice things about geology
fans we have Sony doesn't think clg's
going to do so hot this season maybe
they can change his mind
yeah it's no one he's back okay we got
Rico burrito Rico burrito on the line
with us where he calling from Rico I'm
calling from Louisiana Louisiana
alright Rico woody what do you
CLG we've heard so many people call in
support of CLG tonight what is your
what's your gripe um I think this year
it seems like CLG does seem like to have
a bit of a lower tier than the rest of
the new you the rest of the new teams
that are coming out in the new split
okay and why do you think that yeah well
it seems like for let me twist like go
lane to Lane like for top lane like
darshan sure where he does have his
carry moments but in this new meta with
the new runes and all that I feel like
he's not gonna have as much it's gonna
be harder for him to carry because of
all the new aspects coming out to leave
this season and then with like mid lane
I think who he like especially who he
his pocket pick of aurelion sol did get
like a big nerf with the new was it
sorcery where it's like old storm
Raiders but it's actually been in a bit
nervous so it's not really the best and
with reignover I feel like it's just
gonna be a bit hard at first for
communication but that it could go
better of course but it's pretty much
for communications at that point and
then the bottom lane I feel like sticks
they could have his moments but it's
also so point where the bot lane is just
really weird right now so I'm not so
sure about that but it seemed like it
when you say communication what do you
mean by that because reignover is fluent
in English well I mean like more of in
the team aspect of communication okay
it's not like they're not like sort of
like he's Korean all that but it's more
of communication at first because you
know if they if they got him first so he
has to play first in order to realize if
he's actually good with the team so I
feel like it's gonna be a bit awkward at
the beginning of the split but I think
that it could go on better but it's just
like a bit iffy of a gamble Nick how do
you what is your rebuttal to this this
analysis of your team and perhaps this
weakness
yeah I think you know reignover being as
a cerebral player's he is I think he's
gonna bring a lot of strategic insight
to the team helping to shape like what's
cutting-edge what's new what's
interesting how do we take advantage of
all the new all the new things that are
in place for this next season that and
you know like I think darshan is a guy
generally speaking that is pretty
innovative and like in the way that he
plays the top plane you know you can
carry you can also he can be a role
player as well I just think one like
it's it's really early to tell but I
think our team specifically has a very
lot of a lot of very talented
experienced people that have been
through a ton of season changes and know
how to identify top strategies extremely
fast and so I think with how smart these
guys are with our coaching staff and how
smart they are I think we're gonna come
out of the season or the start of the
season having some of the most
innovative and interesting stuff I think
more than that like you know as we think
about as we think about our roster and
we think about who we decided to bring
in some of it is like circumstance but a
lot of is also like how is this person
gonna blend with our organization how
are they gonna do in communication and
like all these things I talked about
earlier about culture and you know like
how they're gonna exist in this in this
CLG world and we feel like we have five
very like-minded individuals coming
together for you know this common
purpose which is just to win a lot and
so I think we're gonna be in a really
good spot I think we're innovative team
I think you're gonna see a lot of
interesting and cool things out of us as
we continue to develop our
infrastructure and our strategy going
into the beginning of the season very
good well hey thank you so much for
calling in Rico burrito it's good having
you on the show we're gonna start
throwing through people pretty quick cuz
we only got about 14 minutes or so left
and so I was gonna say you you ready to
move off CLG I mean as much as I love
talking about them because we have in
the gallon here I think it's like fair
we give some other people a chance on
how you feel Travis yeah sure I mean
well I do think any question that comes
up should
somewhat something that Nick can answer
but happy to I mean
Nix Nix Nix knows everything going on
the league if you think if someone's
gonna come on here and say TSM sucks and
they can easily say I agree right I
wholeheartedly agree and here's 20
reasons yeah off the top of my head all
right very good well if we've got some
people in the waiting room hopefully we
can can go for that by the way hit
streak sub to the channel I appreciate
that
broken chopsticks awfully herself is now
a sub of the Travis cafard twitch
channel thank you broken chocolate after
you died all right we got a zealous on
the call a zealous where you calling
from calling from Southern California
whoa Southern Cal yes where you want it
you feel free not so to clarify but
where abouts and in the Vegas terms of
Southern California about 40 minutes
away from you guys in Santa Monica okay
cool
how do you know I'm in Santa Monica is
that with traffic or without traffic in
LA because that could be like two miles
probably with yeah it 40 minutes or 40
miles and 40 minutes okay
so he's probably I'm like he's like
Sherman Oaks or something no no he's
it's south I think so Oh South I'm gonna
go with like Torrance no I said out like
oh okay so what was your exact address
alright yeah
as Ellis what do you got to talk to us
about I just wanted to riff off the
previous TSM caller I think the the
roster changes were generally good at
first I reacted to them pretty badly but
I think in general they're better for
future growth so sorry this is for TSM
you're saying correct well right because
the person before had said that yeah I
thought that TSM wasn't gonna do as well
so what do you what what makes you think
that this is why do you think doublelift
shouldn't be on TSM as Ellis
well first of all I like doublelift but
alright you're getting better but I
think now coming on two years with his
performance in Worlds I think it was
time to make a change
I think first first first world's
obviously you could just have a bad bad
games but the second world's I think at
that point once you see them perform not
so well you have to make a change if you
want to get better in the future yeah so
I think bringing on myth Ian Sven it's
it's when are you gonna have a chance to
bring a bot duo that are both English
that's both speak English and as well as
have been extremely battle tested and I
got I go ahead okay so I was gonna say
this is for Nick now Nick do you like
the moves that TSM made do you think it
makes them better and to if you were the
GM of TSM what would you have done would
you have done these moves just for the
sake of change or whatever good question
I think for them the the I think the
highs can be higher
I think it's higher risk high reward
because I think Mike Young is is I think
pretty unproven he obviously had like a
really good split and he I was able to
do a lot on his former team but I think
like he he stood out a couple weeks but
he wasn't like completely demolishing
everyone week after week and so I think
he has a high ceiling it's there and
maybe with the right infrastructure and
the right coaching in the right
environment he could do a lot he might
be able to do a lot better I think the
other side is if he isn't able to to
contribute right if he is like the weak
link on the team that will be exploited
and then I mean jungle position
obviously being as important as it is
will have pretty big impact on the team
so I think if I think to me it's up to
how Mike Young performs if he does well
I think I think TSM is gonna do is gonna
do really well but if he doesn't I think
at all in all sort of rests on his
shoulder what I have done what he what
they did probably not I think I would
have stuck with the bot lane and I would
have probably looked to make a a change
in the jungle so I don't know and spent
again dude no I just think I he's not a
bad player but I think if like I'm going
to make a change to try to improve the
roster overall I think I think that's
the change that you make though it's
hard to say cuz he is so good
and so I guess I would have probably if
I was making a change I would look for a
different import jungler and kept the
bot lane but this is without me knowing
like what is the dynamic like you know
behind the scenes like maybe there are
some additional reasons behind the
change other than just bringing in you
know mithi ins Finn I don't know so no I
wouldn't have made the changes that they
made and but I do think like if Mike
Young gets it together there they can be
pretty killer very good hey thanks as
Ellis for calling in given a different
site on insight on the TSM stuff alright
so I think we've got about four more
calls and then we'll be done with this
episode so thanks everyone for watching
stick around for these and then I'll
hang out on the stream a little bit
afterwards we got em k swagger subbed
Pope polish Polish subbed and matcom
himself the man the legend matcom
sucking Homer seal jihad staff all right
probably last four calls here right mark
yeah three or four yeah stick man owls
where you calling from Arkansas Arkansas
okay you know I gotta say the amount of
like calls we get from the middle of the
country is fairly surprising yeah I
don't know if you feel the same way
maybe I'm just like I thought only
liberal elites watched and played League
of Legends yeah toast you know
necessarily I think I agree completely a
political issue stick man what do you
want to talk about I wanted to talk
about optic okay what about optic green
wall are you part of the green wall I am
NOT I really only pay attention to
League of Legends and overwatch okay but
the I really like that they pulled over
power of evil since he has a really good
record against TSM and if I'm
new or that's who I would want to take
down and with elimination and they go on
the team I think tide allows for some
really cool draft opportunities yeah and
we should say the only thing I believe
that's confirmed right now is Sabu teen
and arrow but these are the rumored
changes that are going in there right so
the rumored roster is sig Acadian power
of evil arrow and lamination yep and an
arrow confirmed everything else up so
we'll give Nick the the out of saying
Nick every time we talk to you about the
roster you're referencing this rumored
roster who knows what you know or don't
know um but it's ok so you I'm sorry you
were saying you really like this right
stick yeah ok so how do you think you
know earlier mark and I were coming up
with the top four teams we did include
optic where do you think optic could be
next year with this suppose addressed er
I think they should be a playoff team I
wouldn't necessarily put them but I
think that seeing them in a best-of-five
would be very interesting okay Nick what
do you think of this this roster besides
you saying like well I think it could be
really good what do you actually think I
think it could be pretty good
swapped out really for pretty there's no
exactly you know I think no one you know
obviously arrows quite talented power
eels
quite talented as has proven lamination
I think many would consider beyond his
prime years but still a very strategic
mind for the team
someone's seeing in the house darker if
they're Shawn singing yeah well I you
know I think to me on paper this roster
looks like one of the weaker ones to me
I think it's because there's no like as
good as power of evil and arrow are like
the sum of all of these parts doesn't
strike me as like a super strong roster
I think like all these guys are good in
their own right and Zig has been playing
the game forever as well as I think you
know a lot of these guys but no one
stands out is like someone who's gonna
like take the league by storm and I
think I have a hard time thinking that
this sort of like hodgepodge of players
put together is gonna be really cohesive
and sort of overcome a lot of like the
like the lack of individual skill at
least relative to the rest of the so I I
would put them sort of more bottom of
the pack in my opinion but these things
have a way of coming back and biting me
in the ass yeah I'm kind of in the Nick
Allen boat here I think arrow has shown
that like if he doesn't have a decent
support he can get exploited in lane
that happened a lot in summer
I think Zig is also not particularly
Lane dominant he usually has like a
stronger play making teamfighting phase
and like kind of playing a role within
the team then he does like being strong
and lane and then maybe akkadian
empowered evil I think would be like
your best kind of hope for having like
good good synergy with some hopefully
aggressive early mid play making jungle
kind of thing but it doesn't scream a
team that has like a cohesive play style
just off the bat and that's that's where
you have my concern yeah because lemon
like if you compare this to what you
might have seen with power of evil on
misfits or something like that like they
don't feel like they have the same level
of play making between the mid and
jungle or the jungle and support
positions which is like what misfit
relied on for power be able to them like
scale veterans like the mid lake and
even those laning phase is fine he
wasn't there early game playmaker and I
don't know who is of an Akkadian on this
team hey stick thanks for calling in was
good to talk about optic appreciate the
conversation alright so we got about
three more colors going in just churning
and burnin through people and Nick I
noticed that you haven't subbed to any
Chris channel yet and I'm just wondering
you know is it is it like it's just a
situation where MSG doesn't really
you're you're not really getting
compensated in a way that'll it allow
you to do that or what I just don't
really yeah I just don't like supporting
your stuff okay I came on as a favor
mark Z okay cuz you're jealous yeah I
was a success - okay so who's the caller
work in C but I thought I heard some
compliments to me I was gonna let that
go
rafters joined the call where he calling
from rafters I am calling from sunny
Northern California so sunny is it I
really doubt it sunny okay sorry at 4:00
from sunny right now it's actually
really cloudy at rain today but uh east
bits also it's also like Nicola living
in the East Bay I did Cerrito oh it's 10
o'clock boys what's going on 10 o'clock
yeah East Bay natives similar to Nick
Allen previously so what do you got for
us rafters
well my first topic I wanted to talk
about was golden Guardian golden
Guardian specifically um I am a die-hard
warrior sprint so it's having the
warriors now basically own a team of the
league is really exciting for me
um and secondly I need a new team to
root for because TSM is now 3/5 EU and I
can't support EU team so I have to go
with the golden Guardians that for my
Bay Area team all right very good yeah I
mean so do you or do you have any other
friends by the way before we get into
this that are our Warriors fans that are
in the league that did this because I'm
actually kind of curious how much the
you know endemic sports teams or sorry
the traditional sports teams are gonna
inherit from their fan base yeah I have
a actually quite a few friends my
brother actually is warriors fan who's
gonna be Guardians and I got two guys
actually one guy cheddar and the other
guy grant both of them actually I think
they're watching stream right now both
of them are gonna be Guardian fans nice
so I've actually were sort of building
at least in my area a fan base for the
team even though people are you know
shit talking about much yeah well okay
let's get into that and
full discloser Hunter Lee who is running
that team is a friend of Nick and my
informer colleagues - both of us but
what makes you yeah well how do you feel
about the roster cuz it came out and
everybody's like wow this is a the
roster that the Warriors are feeling
there's a lot of negativity towards it
but you seem you seem positive about it
so what do you think so
because the team is franchised if they
don't have a strong split the Warriors
being a professional traditional sports
organization is going to learn from that
hopefully and if the team does it
perform oh they'll invest more into the
team and make sure that it performs but
I think the team itself is already has
solid players yes they aren't the best
in each to the positions but each player
is averaged to good at best saving
definitely I think definitely has room
to prove himself but I think that the
roster itself is very like average if
not good with the veteran of high and
the experience of you know somewhat
rookie not working anymore contracts and
I've always had a sort of partial
towards low LaRon Matt so again all the
speculation of them being on the team I
think the team itself is pretty it's
called in general yeah but we're not a
supportive team that's average - good
yes I think you know you don't have to
support the best team to lead because
you know then you end up with TSM fans
yeah no one wants that
we can all agree on its that last
statement so so talk to me about why you
think that seems gonna be good because
how do you think this roster stacks up
to old like to last season's fly quest
well last season's flight quests if I'm
not mistaken had like a bunch of old old
school cloud 9 players right I mean in
terms of talent in talent wise I think
that specifically contracts is I think
people are going all contracts are gonna
fall apart on this roster or whatever I
think that he if given the opportunity
can really become like even more of a
star than he was on cloud nine because
some of the players on the team are
better supportive roles specifically
Laurel oh he was always taking a
backseat to dart up or to if I'm the
name of the jungler on TLS jurors
escaping me reign over okay novo right
over is also supportive so I think
that's why there might have been a
parching with that but specifically with
players like hi who's all whose plays
somewhat passive sometimes and
supportive I think it would be a room
for contra
to become a real shining star if the
meta turns towards that juggler carry
centric meta which I think it might turn
into yeah Nick do you agree with us I
mean I the length of time that Nick
takes a proportional to how much he does
not think this team will do well yeah I
was a big pause yeah don't worry I will
be rooting for CoV this year yeah oh
wait are you who are you rooting for no
no he said it LG guardians guardians OC
in the finals I was it definitely is
like a is a really interesting play like
we it's someone that we had been looking
at as well for our Academy team and yet
ended up taking a spot on the LCS team
so good on him I think he has a lot of
potential and I think how he performs
obviously you know it's a team game
everyone's got to do well but I think
like he has potential to really break
out and do some amazing things
I think hi like you throw hi into any
roster you know we've we've seen him
mostly playing with his buddies for a
long time but like I think his
leadership his experience his
shotcalling I feel like he can do a lot
with a little and pair that with some
like pretty strong players on their team
and I think golden Guardians is a pretty
solid squad I think they're I think
they're middle of the pack I think they
think they're good about better than
optic for example and I think like
contracts has proven himself to be
pretty predating solid you know it's
interesting Matt being on the team and
sort of his history at TL and sort of
where they've been with him on the team
but I know I think I think they have a
solid roster and I think they are coming
out pretty strong next to you know all
the teams in the league but especially
the ones the new the new teams one last
thing I was thinking was I'm curious to
see if I know that everyone has respect
for high because high such in general
like player and the shotcalling is so
good but specifically what I was
thinking was are the players on
guardians if this is their roster
are they going to be as committed as the
old fly quest and then seen an guys
because he knew I knew all those guys so
they were completely committed hundred
percent to his calls are the Guardian
guys gonna be as committed and follow
them or is it gonna be like more of uh
more like a alright yes well sometimes
do it or is that sort just like a team
thing that I'm just completely like
missing well so just before you answer
that I watch Affleck leaked leaked guys
we're working off this reddit link
everything we're saying is assuming that
this is correct um yeah so there's
there's no like we're all working with
this as like fact even though a lot of
it is not announced yes so no no leaks
settle down everybody
PB reddit paper edit so I think I mean I
don't see too big of a conflict just
because it's less about like oh man
everyone's gonna follow his calls
instantly and the trust thing I think
that's probably overhyped
by a fair amount I think the bigger
thing is like would anyone want to not
listen to him and want to have their own
calls and I don't think they have that
many strong personalities on this team I
think you heard Travis talking about
potentially logo and I think that's
where if anywhere there'd be the most
conflict in terms of like shotcalling
and decision making and how to how to
organize the team because the rest of
the guys from what I know while they all
are communicative and want to talk about
things they're not like listen to me I
am the shot-caller type guys like hiatus
so I think I don't think you need to
worry about it in that regard yeah
either way thanks for afters for the
call looking for seeing how that goes
it's cool to hear from a from a not only
a sub to this twitch channel but also
from a native warriors fan who became a
legal Legends fan of their team so we
got two more calls as my buddy on just
one I think I'm just gonna do I'm sila
okay poor gang because I think I think
gank was a wines talk about CLG yeah I
remember what you said I can ask him
well ask him Nick King golden Guardians
take it game off CLG no okay
no one can no one can wear that good for
this video no one can take a game off
CLG next flip yeah
gonna go on defeat in not defeated okay
he'll once yes yeah cat current gaming
sub Thank You Catherine gaming for the
sub preciate Jesus Christ I fucked that
one up what I dragged both people from
the waiting room down here and then left
myself and that one cuz they moved
around nice Mouse
I'm silo is join the call I'm Sayla
where you come from
hey I'm calling Toronto okay your honor
we got a Canadian and what are your
thoughts what do you want to talk about
I want to talk about the teal lineup
because everyone's like hyping it up but
we need to remember that there's like
three CLG players like former seals you
players and they all had like disputes
with each other so I want to know if if
they're gonna have some problems again
within the team and if it might cause
teal Tilly perform worse than what
they're expected to yeah I don't think
that these three players were had
disputes with each other it was more
afro and double if that didn't want to
keep well double afro didn't want to
keep playing with double F at the end
whenever he got kicked pobelter and
double if left at the same time and I
don't know if Vic Smith he has ever had
a dispute with anybody on this planet
like this is such a chill Gina nice boy
so I mean I don't know it was your
impression that these guys had disputes
with each other yeah I wasn't too sure
but yeah I thought that double have had
some problems with Smith Ian Poulter
okay yeah I that would be news to me but
I I don't know exactly everything is
despite being double strand I don't know
everything that goes on behind the
scenes i we did a doc and we talked to a
fro and doublelift and it was it was
talked about how or no we didn't do a
doc we did there was that one of these
videos came out where they were it was
like me or him kind of deal and and that
that came down so I know that there was
that but I will say that I feel like
over time time heals all wounds I guess
you know PO Beltre supposedly wasn't
ever gonna be on our team with Steve
because he was frustrated before now
he's on the team of Steve you see a lot
of things change I even wouldn't be
surprised if like doublelift and
aphromoo played again together at some
point in the future that we did just
hear Olli got announced I believe for
Team Liquid today so
I don't know I don't know so are you
let's say let's say there aren't issues
with the team members are you what do
you think about team like was chances
next year oh yeah yeah for sure they're
finalists team and they have a good
chance of like winning as well I think
the biggest thing that people are
talking about anymore is you know what's
going on with their coaching staff
because there was that horrible news
that the coach that they wanted passed
away and then they still have Kane and
while everyone keeps saying Kane's great
he doesn't quite have the results to
back it up and TLS and or because it
seemed that people always say oh they've
had so much talent and sometimes they
underperform and I think those would be
much bigger concerns for me then is PO
belts are going to get along with
doublelift and Olli and smithy kind of
thing yeah then do you think that they'd
get a Korean culture look for someone in
any well I can't gain his Korean yeah if
if Kane isn't the coach he no he is the
coach do you think everything isn't the
guy that can do they can succeed yeah if
because we've seen came before and by
himself or with whatever other support
staff they had around him it didn't seem
like they were getting the most out of
their players so why would it be
different this split a really quick
question for you silo you said that TL
if they don't have any you know
mentality issues or whatever emotional
issues there are finalists for sure who
will he be playing against in the finals
probably TSM oh okay
Nick what do you think I think he's
wrong he's your fuck i I think I
appreciate your honesty but you're wrong
and really that's can I say something
about TI really yeah yeah yeah I think
they have a lot they have a bunch of
like superstar older players and I think
there's a lot of challenges that come
with that I think one is a lot of these
guys you know they've been on a few
teams but if you know they have a way of
doing things if that doesn't work with
TL I think that can unravel and they can
underperform and that could take the
team down I think some of these guys are
you know they're older or maybe they're
I don't know if we believe aging out of
League of Legends start to whether
you're trying to see if you're like
these old people they just
kiuic he's up anymore don't double
explain this game 20 years ambitious
yeah and so there's like the aging out
thing I think that there is the like the
personality and synergy thing tell those
describing so I think there's there are
ways for this not to go well and then
there's like yeah just just general
synergy of like this is this a team of
five that just works together and we
don't know that either but you know a
lot of them have played together before
so we'll see so I think there are a few
ways that this doesn't work and I think
it would it would really be awesome if
it didn't work they forgot if they got
fourth place yeah I think it would be
the most hilarious thing yeah well
thanks for calling in silo appreciate it
yeah thanks being and then are we gonna
take this last call yep them the last
one okay you're hanging in there Nick
I'm good dude yeah let's go
yeah same fish the spam in the chat
thank you to Cochran gaming I think I
already said that one yeah thank you
again either way we're good by the way
we're both back in the room Travis great
what you got for us were yeah Argentina
Argentine oh okay so do you I gotta say
game you have some big shoes to fill
here because the last South American
callin that we got yeah was amazing
about the African no no no let me ask
what is a bit like froggen who has been
playing at high level for five years is
quality in this I will probably not play
you know in na LCS next week well first
up we don't know if it's seamless you
know we're working with this reddit
information yes with the information
this blister chart the other thing is do
you think that what what if he ends up
on like an Academy team or something
because we we're getting a lot of rumors
around the team's we're sorry the
players that are going to be assigned to
the starters but there's a chance that
we could see froggen come in
an Academy said would you still be as
offended if froggen was on an academy
team I think he's too good for an
academy team and also he's not in the
contract database on the reco folks
anymore
so I think it's seamless yeah I mean
he's definitely a at least a free agent
based off of that so yes yeah so why
doesn't Nikki kick us off why do you
think teams hypothetically have not
tried to sign froggen or did they and
maybe you know that like his number was
too high for some people or something
like that you haven't I haven't heard
anything so I can only speculate maybe
he's on the tail end of his career and
so like you know maybe if you're
thinking about a player of equivalent
skill there's probably a decent amount
of those in the league and so maybe you
ask yourself do I bring in froggen on a
multi-year contract or do I invest in a
younger player right and and maybe they
decided to go you know they go younger
or they they go import or something like
that right so well in froggen is an
import technically euro right that's
right so this is this is maybe one of
the problems to is that you look at some
of the rumored players coming in like
fibbin and power of evil and so in in
places where you do have you know
granted there's there's Phoenix but in
places where you do have Europeans
coming over they are oftentimes like big
names in the EU LCS currently unlike
froggen who I think you know most people
feel as is possibly past as prime as an
au player yeah I think that's right do
you take an import in froggen er you
take an import in a Korean or European
player and so you know but there's also
like this the other side of it is like
maybe he wanted to go back to Europe
right and like he spent his time in
North America and he's like it's not
worth anymore I'm gonna go find a team
in Europe would not be surprising to me
as well and yeah you know what I don't
have a good read on is like how you know
how independently good he is versus
everybody else or you know like was was
the team he was on holding him back or
like was the play style different than
what he's used to
there's probably some other
criteria not being considered that my
you know bring them back into the
conversation in terms of raw skill so
gank looking at the you know the people
on this reddit list who do you think
froggen should be starting over and ryu
over feeble
fly yes that's my OB and also what i
know if east phoenix i not read over
friggin right so I kind of gave my
opinion earlier where I'm not super sure
that it is an upgrade because I think
they have a lot of similar strengths
where they're both super individually
strong in Lane they almost never lose
laning phase for the most part things
like that but yeah I'm surprised you
would say power of evil yeah right so
grew up the other side I feel like these
other mids that they brought over in
fibbin and power of evil have had better
success in their career for the last two
years whereas froggen has not made
playoffs in years these guys were
representing Europe internationally and
things like that for the most part so
I'm not too surprised to see if you're
gonna go with the European in port why
not try an updated model so to speak yes
you think that froggen has been holding
back my his teammates in the past two
years but that's my opinion
yeah very good well hey thanks so much
gank for the Colin yeah I hope
everything is going well in Argentina
thanks way either way show winding down
now Nick thanks for coming on is there
anything you want to say to any of the
fans out there
oh dude CLG is gonna be so sick next
year feeling really good about it I
think we're gonna you wanna make a bet
or something you want you I'll put some
in line I'm not a lot of bet on the
matches I think riot will find me what
about at all costs I must avoid fines
because my legacy is at stake I mean we
can make this a bet that you would never
want to lose like if CLG gets below
third
you will shave your left eyebrow I don't
think Ryan will be concerned about you
throwing matches so you could shave your
left eyebrow I'll shave my beard dude
like I have a family I can't be shown up
no eyebrow okay
okay you'll shave your beard of CLG gets
below third yep deal that's the most
boring thing it makes Ames the spirit
you guys make shave this beard like
every so that's because I know I could
show you pictures videos even Nick with
it with and without throughout the years
give yourself a male pattern baldness
haircut he doesn't need to give himself
that do accentuate in this action right
here just go full-blown I don't know
yeah let's think about what good would
stick good steaks to be that doesn't
don't get me in trouble if the nature is
what other na LCS owners are fathers
like yourself is it just you in back
yeah yes me and Jack okay I feel like
some of the new teams might have like
investor level people's kids but that's
gonna hold you back I think it's gonna
it's dude my we're gonna have a new
mascot for CLG which is my kid weird
look like what do you dress a kid up to
be like use put a box Rick Fox I've
forgot about that there's it's it's just
a little it's like a logo costume or
something I don't know you just turned
him into the logo it's you it's use Jack
and Rick Fox cuz Rick Fox also hello
right yeah I forgot Rick Fox for sure
but uh thanks for having me on I had I
had a good time my sister shout out my
sponsors yeah say say something about
she'll do anything you want to do any
shoutouts shoutouts to our sponsors yeah
I buy power Corsair dxracer 5-hour
energy twitch I love you guys and thanks
for supporting CLG we're having a sale
on merch get in there
by some stuff you still having a sale
guys clgs guarantee top three or nick is
shaving his beard and she doing a
clearance okay all of our finest your
sale or yeah your merch sale ends in
like two hours
less than that exactly guys okay get in
there support CLG don't support travis
cafard so i'm going to realize we're
competitive competing super seal to your
Travis Alexi Travis the unemployed
content creator were sealed G owned by
Madison Square Garden a publicly traded
company take it I'm glad we got that
sorted yeah unsub immediately yeah
thanks thanks for coming on mark you got
any shouts anything you wanna plug I'm
gonna plug myself follow my Twitter
everyone in chat right now I'm putting
it in in chat click it and follow me if
you're not doing it because then you're
bad person I am just working on offline
TV and my own content right now we
should have some a juicy offline TV
thing going up tomorrow or Wednesday are
you gonna be on the LCS next year I
don't think I can comment on that but
but I haven't joined the team I like
asking questions about the things people
can't answer that's the thing yeah I
know but yeah I think Chet is smart
enough to read between the lines is this
somebody joining offline TV what is that
the action is oh no no no it has to do
with twitch and and what's ruining
twitch oh is it about the is it no look
I can't say anymore
okay now excited well I know what's
ruining my revenue which is adblock so
if you add walk feel free to solve hook
it up Travis convert calm slash support
you can help me out there I would love
to continue to stay independent and you
wonderful people are one small little
piece in the puzzle of my ability to do
that but
sometimes it's the smallest pieces of
the puzzle that really connect the rest
of the puzzle so if you want to help me
out you could do that Java schedule
knockout slash support at the same way
that he spammed his Twitter I'm spending
my Instagram boudoir photography you
said it was favorite Travis Khafre dream
is is that I
besides wonderfully sports photos you
can also find some of my photography
hobby there which is well at least on
Instagram it's a for work Fox Talbot
just just sub thank you so much and
artha lol subbed earlier today too
either way that's the whole show thank
you for watching episode 4 we're done